About the job
Established in 2008, Geidea epitomizes customer focused empowerment and commercial success through continuous innovation.
Geidea makes best in class digital payment solutions available for all by attracting and leveraging the best creative & entrepreneurial talent in the market
Our solutions give any business the chance to get ahead and reach for more no matter their size or maturity.
Our technology mirrors our people - Smart, Innovative & Forward Thinking
www.geidea.net



To maintain a competitive advantage as we grow, we are currently looking for a new "Software Tester".


Job purpose:

The purpose of this role is to design & execute test cases and ensure implementation according to the testing guidelines the team in Geidea Egypt to ensure delivery of products of high quality.


Key Responsibilities:

Design and execute test cases
Review test cases assigned to Jr. Testers
Prioritize test cases on squad level
Report defects
Report on testing status and squad releases
Ensure testing scope is defined, and ensure coverage of assigned squad
Analyse test results, report bugs to Senior Tester or Testing lead
Ensure testing is done according to guidelines
Ensure accuracy of testing estimates within the assigned squad
Ensure testing quality and adherence to testing process and guidelines
Define/Develop automation test scripts if needed / requested on squad level


Qualifications:

2+ years of experience
Bachelor’s degree in Engineering or computer science
Analyse user stories, use cases, and requirements for validity and feasibility
Writing and executing test cases and test plans
Detect and track software defects and inconsistencies
Execute all levels of testing (System, Integration, and Regression)
Good knowledge of relational databases and Microsoft SQL Server
API testing knowledge
Familiar with Jira
Proficient in English
Understanding of testing methodologies and tools
Experience in Automation is a plus
ISTQB Certified


Our values guide how we think and act - They describe what we care about the most

Customer first - It’s embedded in our design thinking and customer service approach
Open - Openness allows us to constantly improve and evolve
Real - No jargon and no excuses!
Bold - Constantly challenging ourselves and our way of thinking.
Resilient – If we fail, we bounce back stronger than before.
Collaborative - We know that we can achieve a lot more as a team.
We are changing lives by constantly striving for a better solution.